DEVELOPMENT NOTES:

I figured this would be a good file to add to help us communicate with eachother so I'm 
adding it to the project today. Should have thought of it sooner.

11/14/19-------

TSL:
- Got all the GUI elements added to the project and formatted correctly for the screen on my PC.
  Please double check me to make sure it is behaving correctly on your screen too.  
- Added code so the program now opens maximized by default.
- IMPORTANT! I have added all the GUI elements to the program's Resource Dictionary inside the
  App.xaml file so they should be accessible from anywhere in the program by using
  'Source="{StaticResource Red}"' when referencing the images. Please don't change any code in
  the App.xaml file in the <ResourceDistionary> section that looks similiar to:
  "<BitmapImage x:Key="TopBar" UriSource="assets\TopBar.jpg"></BitmapImage>".
- Text fields were created as Text fields, Create Button was created as a button, neither have
  any action scripting done yet.
- Color pallet options were created as individual images so hopefully we can script actions 
  for those too.
- THANKS!

Vincent: 11/16/2019
I have cut up the images TJ has provided and made some changes that will probably be temporary.
However, the changes have made the implementation process easier since there are not as many objects on screen.
I have been using the .jpeg files that TJ has provided they have been a big help and i plan on using more to get the 
PARTY_WINDOW lookin better once i have the canvas working properly. I Have done alot more in the XAML code than i wish 
I had to but I am really warming up to it. That being said if you have any questions about any of the XAML i have added
let me know through a direct message and i will see if i can be any help. I will continue development of the PARTY_WINDOW
right now and Try to inform either of you about any issues or new ideas.

--Second Note of 11/16/2019
Further implemented the canvas part of the program the base canvas is functional but the colour tools are very simple we should
come up with an idea to make it really neat. (I have been on my laptop for 12 hours and i think i forgot english when i sent my last commit)